[Music]
hey how's it going Dave QD here so in
late 2015 I did a review of the 14 inch
LG Graham it was a thin and light
ultrabook but it had a few too many
compromises for me to go just openly
recommend it to everyone this is a 15
inch version it's been updated for 2017
it uses their magnesium carbon nanotube
material again a super lightweight metal
alloy but they've done a respectable job
with the build on the 15 inch the top
tech doesn't have much flex for how
light the devices the bottom panel also
is much better than I expected the hinge
is well made and it's actually one hand
open bolt despite being so thin it's
pretty cool the screen and top panel
still have more flex on I'd like but
unless you're really rough on this
device you'll be fine if you're worried
I just get a sweet now the reason why
they go with this magnesium alloy is so
that they can make this laptop extremely
light it's 2.4 pounds so that's just
barely over a kilogram and it starts at
1200 dollars depending on specs so by
comparison when you take an equal
respect XPS 13 that's 2.7 pounds for a
13.3 inch screen the LG gram is 2.4
pounds with a 15.6 inch screen it has a
lighter weight with a significantly
bigger screen and when you hold it it's
awesome it incredibly lights and easy to
carry around it doesn't feel like an
indestructible tank but if you're trying
to get to this weight there's not much
more you can do the port selection is
pretty good for a device like this
there's a microSD slot audio jack a
bunch of USB ports HDMI and one USB C
port it doesn't support Thunderbolt 3
but they've included an Ethernet jungle
if you want to get inside it's actually
quite difficult to open up you have to
remove some rubber feet some hinge
covers and then try the bottom panel off
it can be done though inside you'll see
a single slot of ddr4 Ram my unit has 16
gigs the storage uses a SATA interface
the speeds are actually very fast for
SATA 3 but it's still limited it's no
nvme the battery down here has been
upgraded to 60 watt air is a massive
improvement over the 35 watt hours of
the older model and this battery was one
of the biggest complaints about the
previous generation and LG listened and
they made
significantly better here right now on
this model I'm able to comfortably get
eight hours of regular use at the screen
at 250 minutes and this is just like
regular work if you want to watch movies
or if you want to lower the screen
brightness they'll be able to get longer
battery life especially with the cable a
chip but the important thing is that you
can go through a full day of use without
bringing your charger around opening the
screen you can see that the bezels are
really thin it rivals the thin bezels of
the XPS line from Delft not as sin but
close the display is a 1080p IPS panel
glossy finish and it's a touchscreen it
gets reasonably bright right now for any
kind of indoor work the viewing angles
in the color gamut are also not bad the
webcam is located on the bottom hinge
because of the bezel so you have that
upward camera angle again the keyboard
is back with this here that's another
big thing that LG address the main
keyboard area is pretty comfortable to
use the keys only have 1.1 millimeters
of travel not a lot but they feel
responsive enough and it's brooming
there's a number pad on the right but
the keys there feel cramped to me don't
ever use those keys so I'm not the best
judge of them but if you need a number
pad for work this has one of them the
trackpad is OK for the most part
tracking is accurate and the click
mechanism feels good it uses eland
drivers I wish it was using Windows
precision drivers but these ones aren't
bad in terms of performance
this unit is running a KB Lake i7 with
the HD 620 it's a very snappy system
when doing work browsing the web or
watching videos gaming performance isn't
amazing this isn't a device for pro
gamers but the HD 620 can get playable
framerates in lighter games on low
settings if you want to edit videos I'd
stick with 1080p footage for K is going
to be choppy and definitely put your
footage on an external drive the
thermals are respectable this time it
obviously gets warm when you push it
hard but nothing uncomfortable the fans
don't come on often and even when they
do they're still pretty quiet and when I
run have your benchmarks on this thing
there is CPU throttling but it's not bad
considering the form factor and when I
run the stress test from 3dmark
it passes which is really weird to see
on an ultra light laptop
the speakers are good they don't sound
amazing in terms of audio quality I mean
they're a small ultrabook speaker but
they're clear enough and they position
them in a ways that they actually fire
outwards towards the sides so that the
stereo effect is really pronounced on
the system so that's the 15-inch Graham
and I kind of find it weird that more
companies don't make devices like this I
mean you can find 13-inch sinan light
ultra books everywhere there's an army
of them to choose from but if you're
looking for something with a bigger
screen this is one of very few with the
Graham you're getting a magnesium alloy
casing with decent build quality for its
weight the 15 inch touchscreen is above
average the brightness color accuracy
and the viewing angles are all pretty
good but it's not perfect the keyboard
is comfortable to use and the
backlighting is a very welcome addition
this year the trackpad is nice to use
there's nothing I dislike about it the
KB Lake CPU and HT 620 are great
performers for light to moderate tasks
and are well cooled the RAM and the
storage are replaceable if need be but
it's not easy to get in there and then
powering this device is a 60 watt hour
battery that will comfortably get you
eight hours of real usage
so the 2017 LG Graham much improved
significantly better battery life that's
the big one for me the KB wake up grade
is nice the backlit keyboard is nice I
mean some people are just going to love
those things but for me the extended
battery life is just that brings this
laptop from a cool kind of niche product
to something that I would openly
recommend for anyone who's looking for
some of them at sin and light with a big
screen that's the end of this video hope
you guys enjoyed it thumbs if you liked
it
subs if you loved it to you guys next
time